(All characters, organizations, locations, )
(and incidents in this drama are fictitious.)
We're from Intellectual Crime Unit...
of Daemyeong Police Station.
We received a report...
about a break-in on the 20th floor.
We were told to take care of this quietly.
Please come in.
I have to go to the bathroom. Excuse me.
Sure.
Mr. Choi.
- To the chairman's room. - What?
The police are here.
Hide in there for now, then leave quietly.
Don't bump into them. Got it?
Something is really weird.
Get those.
Mr. Choi.
Get out.
Get out of here!
Kim Min Joon, the police are coming.
What?
This was a trap.
- That way. - That way.
Mr. Choi!
- Kang Woo! - Mr. Choi.
What do you think you're doing?
Someone has to buy time.
This is like getting caught red-handed.
Let's go.
Darn you.
Mr. Choi. Mr. Choi!
- We have to go. - Mr. Choi.
- Mr. Choi. - Let's go.
- Kang Woo. - Come with me.
No, Kang Woo!
Kang Woo!
(Taeyang Insurance)
Where's the greenhouse?
It's that way.
Kang Woo.
Mr. Choi?
Gosh, you caught me.
I'm sorry for breaking in without asking you.
What about the people who were in here?
Was someone else in here?
Yes.
- Wait! Stop! - Ms. Jang!
Wait! Stop right there!
Wait.
You there!
Where are you going?
Well...
We have to get some chemicals.
We believe it's powdery mildew.
Ms. Jang, why did you come today?
I...
The old files...
Ha Ri.
Did you bring the files?
You should've returned them...
when you quit your job.
I'm sorry, Manager Park.
Is something going on?
Well...
It's a virus.
Excuse me.
(Episode 10)
Okay.
I'll call you after the shareholders' meeting.
Stay quiet until then.
Chairman Cha.
Thank you for...
being with my father until his last minute.
I'll see you soon, Hong Joo.
Why that...
Will he come to his senses...
if we take out one of his guys?
Not Mad Dog.
It'll cause too much damage.
Damage?
Do you still like him?
Don't you see?
Kang Woo...
puts himself in danger...
when his teammate is about to face danger.
If we're not careful,
the mad dog could run about crazier.
Do you have a plan?
There is one...
who isn't his teammate.
So you left Mr. Choi to get caught...
and came here?
Hey.
We're terribly upset too.
We should find a way.
No.
Let's wait.
What are you saying?
The greenhouse was a trap.
Someone sent Mr. Choi to the funeral...
and tried to get only us.
Someone used us as hostages...
to use Mr. Choi.
But instead of us,
only Mr. Choi fell into the trap.
Who did? Joo Hyun Ki?
Cha Joon Kyu?
That's why we need to wait and see.
Someone will...
go visit Mr. Choi.
Executive Director Cha.
You aren't surprised to see me,
Manager Choi.
Why should I be surprised?
I thought you still trusted me.
That's why you called...
Ha Ri to Taeyang Insurance.
That was a case of the biter bit.
There's no point talking about it.
Ms. Cha.
What do you want?
Ms. Cha?
Nothing much.
It's very simple.
Don't do anything and just stay put.
What?
Until I say when,
lay low.
Stay put and lay low?
I'm putting a leash on a mad dog.
So don't do anything.
Don't bark and stay in your doghouse.
What if I say no?
It's not time...
for you to decide yet.
Decide after you come out and see.
See what?
You won't be that heartbroken...
or sad.
We reached an agreement.
Let him off with a warning.
"Decide after you come out and see."
See what?
- Mr. Choi. - Mr. Choi.
You didn't have to pick me up.
Here.
I couldn't find tofu,
so I brought you soy milk.
Thanks.
I'm sorry, Mr. Choi.
I should've checked before I went in.
I was too careless.
I'm sorry for putting you in trouble.
Where's Kim Min Joon?
He went out for a run...
to clear his head.
He looked upset, didn't he?
You won't be that heartbroken...
or sad.
Where is he now?
(Mad Dog)
Dr. Kim, pick up.
What? Dr. Kim's phone is moving.
Here.
He's going back to our office.
What?
- To the office. - Yes, sir.
- Kim Min Joon. - Kim Min Joon.
- Untie him. - Okay.
He still has pulse.
But he's breathing weakly.
Breathe, Min Joon.
Ha Ri.
Kang Woo.
Chee...
Dr. Kim!
His breathing is fine.
Dr. Oh. Call Dr. Oh.
Yes, sir.
I don't think he should stay here.
Help me carry him.
(Mad Dog: A Dog Barks at the Sun)
He is okay.
The pressure wasn't that bad.
When will he...
He'll wake up soon.
He needs to take a rest for a while.
Thank you very much for coming.
What kind of work are you doing?
Well...
It's nothing.
Ms. Jang.
Yes, ma'am.
If something like this happens to Soon Jung,
don't call me.
Pardon?
I don't want to see him sick.
Let's go.
Thank you again.
I'll call you.
Thank you.
You should all go too.
Don't scatter.
Ha Ri, don't stay alone at home.
Okay. I'll be with them in the office.
Don't worry about Ms. Jang.
We'll protect her.
I'll take care of myself.
Get some rest, Mr. Choi.
Call me when he wakes up.
Okay.
Bye.
Hey, Kim Min Joon.
What are you doing there?
You're awake.
Aren't you hungry?
I'm starving.
Are you okay?
It hurts.
Who did that to you?
I don't know. I didn't get to see the face.
I guess it was Mr. Lee Young Ho of Juhan Air.
It's similar to what he did to Ko Jin Chul.
Hey.
Where did you get that from?
Did you step outside?
Your fridge was way too empty.
You only had soju, water,
inedible kimchi that went bad,
and frozen food...
that passed its expiration date.
Hey.
Don't you know why I brought you here?
It's for you to stay here without going anywhere.
Okay, okay.
I'll stay put here without going anywhere.
You're really the type that nags too much.
I'll hear the rest of your nagging...
after we finish eating first.
Aren't you eating?
I'm great at making soup.
Where did you learn how to make seaweed soup?
Mija Gebauer's...
hometown was some kind of an island.
It had a lot of seaweed there.
She loved seaweed soup.
So I learned very hard...
to win her favor.
What do you think? Isn't it amazing?
It's not bad.
What?
Is it salty?
It's been a while.
What is?
Having a meal with someone in this house.
It's delicious.
I heard the extraordinary shareholders' meeting...
of JH Group will take place early next week.
It's Monday as far as I know.
The chief prosecutor is waiting for the timing.
He wants to demand a 10-year sentence...
and fine Vice President Joo 200 million dollars...
for embezzlement and malpractice.
The first trial...
might end in sentencing him to four years in jail.
It'll be meaningless...
if they let him go in the 2nd or 3rd trial,
giving him probation instead.
Hyun Ki staying only a short while in jail...
should never happen.
If we accuse him of more charges and charge him...
for the illegal takeover of management right,
I'm worried it might harm you as well.
What do I have to do with...
the succession of JH's management right?
Is that right?
Then...
shall we just accuse him of that as well?
I was just saying.
I watched an interesting video clip a few days ago.
The brother of the assistant pilot...
who crashed the plane two years ago appeared in it.
It also talked about the 3.4 million dollars.
I'm not sure if it's beneficial...
for Taeyang Insurance...
to be talked about in JH Group's issue.
Like I already warned you before,
don't cause any scandal.
Things are like...
the eye of a typhoon now.
It's better for you...
to stay low from now on.
I'm sorry...
for troubling you.
"Don't do anything..."
"and stay put."
Ms. Cha is showing her true intention...
all of a sudden.
I don't think she wanted to kill you for real.
The doctor said...
that the pressure wasn't too hard.
I know.
She only threatened me...
that she'll really kill me if I don't stay put.
Why do they...
keep stressing others to stay still?
It's next week.
Let's please not...
cause any trouble until then.
What if it didn't mean the funeral...
when Vice President Joo talked about next week?
So there's another issue...
that Taeyang and JH Group have to...
take care of quietly without drawing attention.
Then...
we should bark loudly...
and draw everyone's attention.
- Don't. - What?
Detective Jo's daughter...
is getting her surgery two days from now.
So you'll really stay put?
You'll be a silent dog just like this?
That sounds cool.
A silent dog.
- Mr. Kang. - Until the surgery ends,
let's stay quiet...
and prepare for a huge ruckus.
All right.
(Security Card)
Don't they suspect you in the company?
So far, so good.
I'm sorry that you had to...
step down from your position because of me.
Kang Woo.
Did you forget what you told me last time?
You said not to say sorry anymore.
Same here.
I stepped down because I didn't do a proper job...
in investigating the case two years ago.
So don't say sorry.
So what do I have to do now?
- What? - Tell me already.
Hey.
How much is the unpaid claims...
and dormant premium that Taeyang has to pay?
There must be quite a lot left.
The unpaid claims is about 10 million dollars.
I bet there's more for the dormant premium.
I need to see the list.
Why?
Are you going to retrieve unpaid insurance money...
for people?
Why can't I?
It's the money they must pay by the law.
(List of unpaid claims)
"Unpaid claims"...
and "dormant premiums"?
Unpaid claims is the money...
that the insurance company must pay,
but that hasn't been paid due to some excuses.
Dormant premium is the money...
that stays dormant in the company...
since the beneficiaries haven't claimed...
their insurance money, right?
According to the data sent by Mr. Park,
Taeyang has the unpaid claims...
worth 10 million dollars...
and the dormant premium worth 200 million dollars.
They paid quite a lot though.
But there's a lot more to pay.
There are almost...
a billion-dollar worth dormant premiums...
in all the insurance companies this year.
Why do people not claim that money?
As they repeat joining and canceling insurances,
they forget which insurance they signed for.
There's also the case...
where the beneficiary passes away.
Losing contact seems to be most common.
By the way, why should we help retrieve...
their insurance money that they didn't claim?
It's not time we should do this kind of stuff.
Taeyang paid you 3.4 million dollars so easily.
But they dawdled so much not to pay...
the bereaved of those...
who really killed themselves.
And they ignored the court's judgement...
to pay the money even if they were suspicious...
whether it was really a suicide.
So what?
Mr. Kim, come on.
"Financial Supervisory Service..."
"Forewarns a Severe Disciplinary Action..."
"Against Unpaid Insurance Claims"?
"They forewarned insurance companies..."
"who refused to pay claims for suicide cases..."
"of an extremely severe disciplinary action."
What if the world finds out...
that Taeyang Insurance has not been paying...
insurance claims for suicide cases?
Financial Supervisory Service will step in.
In that case, what do we have to do?
Find those people who are lost in touch,
and give out the unclaimed sum.
Then naturally...
We'll find the family who didn't get...
the insurance money after their family's suicide.
Then we borrow the voices of those people...
to impose a disciplinary action to the company.
Including reprimanding the top-level management.
Wait.
I thought Ms. Cha was a part of the management.
It looks like Taeyang Insurance...
will get caught in trouble once again.
I guess so.
Taeyang Insurance's...
Executive Director Cha.
What are you thinking about?
You didn't even notice that I came, Hong Joo.
Get out of here.
Finally.
Seeing you finally awakened like this...
makes me think, like dad, like daughter.
I told you to get out.
I don't want to leave by myself.
Do you want to go eat some feet of chicken?
I guess you don't eat those anymore.
I guess you liked him a lot.
No.
It's a bit weird to say you liked a married guy.
I liked him.
I tried everything I can...
to not get caught.
His wife was too good of a person...
for me to hate or get jealous of her.
And Ju Won was like a nephew to me.
Yet you still let them get on that plane.
Mr. Joo.
You know that it's not the case.
Right.
I know that it's not the case.
How would you know that plane would crash?
All you did was...
let us get into an insurance contract...
knowing that we had deficient airplanes.
Even I have forgotten about...
which aircraft it was...
and when and where it was headed.
You said you liked him,
so I said that because I wanted to hurt you.
I'm sorry.
Are you that distressed?
Then go tell him.
Confess what you did and ask for forgiveness.
All you did was turn a blind eye just once.
It's the only mistake you made in your life.
Mr. Joo.
We're not the ones to decide...
if it was a mistake or not.
Then who is it up to?
The victims.
The family of the victims.
Cha Hong Joo.
You and I can make that decision.
It's what we did.
Why would anyone else decide what that was?
You and I just made a mistake.
A small, minor mistake.
Take your hands off of me.
Sorry.
Ms. Oh.
I can't help you anymore.
With what?
The charts.
It looks like you're dressed up...
to fight against that handsome...
yet arrogant young man.
The handsome yet arrogant young man?
Mr. Kim?
He is arrogant,
but he's not handsome.
His skin is so pale and lips are so red.
He seems like a vampire from the middle ages...
who was never exposed to any sunlight for life.
Forget it.
He's not your rival.
It's a fight only for you.
Fine.
Ms. Oh, will you please take another look?
My concept for the day is a fabulous guy.
A fabulous guy?
Yes, I'm the most fabulous...
Robin Hood.
Will you be my partner today?
No, thanks.
Ms. Oh. Ms. Oh!
The insurance money?
Yes. Last April, your husband was...
diagnosed with a fourth-stage...
metastatic pulmonary cancer in Hanju Hospital.
He gets high-frequency treatments, as well as...
mistletoe, thymosin injections, and pills.
However, the insurance company refused to pay...
because his treatments are conservative treatments,
not direct treatments.
How do you know that?
There is an angel...
in a white uniform in Hanju Hospital.
Mr. Kang's guardian.
He may look odd,
but he's trustworthy.
Come on, Ms. Oh.
They refused to pay the amount because...
the contract was ambiguous about its terms.
Even if he gets indirect treatments,
the rules are to pay...
the amount in full if he has cancer.
Then how can I get the rest of the money?
Should I get it for you?
Really?
Who are you anyway?
Me?
"We Retrieve Unpaid Insurance Money"?
We're the Robin Hood of the insurance industry.
(We Retrieve Unpaid Insurance Money)
We retrieve your unpaid insurance money.
Hello. Here.
Yes, hello. Hello.
- Are you insured? - Yes.
If you have any unpaid insurance money,
we'll retrieve it for you.
I'll wait for your call.
(List of unpaid claims)
Yes, you're right. We're 1500-8888,
We Retrieve Unpaid Insurance Money.
- Yes. - Yes.
Yes, that's me.
Hello, Ms. Jo.
You called again.
Pardon? You called again...
because you liked my voice?
We're busy as it is. Hang up.
Right.
- Yes, sir. I'm listening. - I know you're joking.
Don't worry.
I'll check right away...
and get your insurance money back.
Yes, I'll call you back.
Unbelievable.
You're on the phone.
No, sir. I was not speaking to you.
I'm sorry.
Could you please repeat that one more time?
Yes, you are enrolled in three plans...
with Taeyang Insurance.
Yes. You're... Yes.
I see. Is that so?
I'll take care of that immediately.
Yes, thank you.
I'll call you back. Okay.
[VIU Ver] E10 Mad Dog "The Unpaid Claims"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What are you doing?
Mr. Choi won't approve. Get out of here.
What is this?
Ju Won.
Mr. Choi's son.
They kept a track of his height...
every year.
(122cm, May 2012, 126cm, May 2013)
(131cm, July 2014, 138cm, September 2015)
In 2015, he was 138cm tall.
Get out.
I wonder what this must feel like.
I have nothing I can remember...
about my brother.
I really have nothing, so it feels empty...
whenever I think about him.
If you have countless memories...
to reminisce upon,
what would that feel like?
(138cm, September 2015)
How do you live by yourself...
with all those memories?
No, that doesn't count.
Dad, can you just measure me now?
I told you, I can't.
Let's see.
Going up.
My son, you're 138cm tall.
All my friends are over 140cm tall already.
You'll grow up soon,
just like me.
Like this.
Goodness, my dear son.
My son.
(138cm, September 2015)
How...
can Mr. Choi...
live...
with all this?
Have you...
decided, Mr. Choi?
Hong Joo.
How did you...
get involved with Flight 801?
Taeyang and I have nothing to do with it.
Don't lie to me.
You avoid my eyes when you do.
Don't act like you know.
There really is no connection.
Why are you doing this,
- Hong Joo? - Do what?
Min Joon, last night.
That's not right.
What did I do?
You didn't do it?
You didn't do anything?
I just made a decision...
to have what I can have.
What is that?
Taeyang Insurance...
and Dad.
Yes.
The most important things to me...
are only those two.
Yes.
Rightfully so.
Hong Joo.
I really don't know who you are now.
That's a relief.
Mr. Choi.
If you stay put, you'll be fine.
Nothing will happen.
So...
stay curled up.
I will,
Director Cha.
After HJ meeting,
he arrived in a pub in Gangam-dong.
Nothing significant to report.
Where did your guys say...
he was?
They said he was in a pub in Gangam-dong.
Is that right?
Proceed with the surgery tomorrow as planned.
Yes, sir.
I told them you were here.
Don't go anywhere else,
and go straight home.
This punk.
It's so nerve wrecking.
This isn't operation 007.
Did they tail you?
Hey. You know...
I'm a seasoned claims examiner of 16 years.
You're so popular these days.
I saw Detective Jo...
and another team outside.
That's Chairman Cha.
You don't drink...
during work hours, do you?
Pour me a glass.
You punk.
We haven't been here in so long.
We had a drink here when Director Cha...
was a newbie in the claims examination team.
Did we?
- I don't remember. - No way.
It's better to forget, I guess.
What happened with the unpaid claims?
Hwan Hee has her surgery tomorrow morning.
We'll get busy starting tomorrow afternoon.
Is that so?
That's good.
We should get to work.
Why are you home so late?
Did you eat dinner?
Gosh, you reek of alcohol.
Did you drink again?
Aren't you drinking too often?
- Stop it. - Stop what?
Don't ask me why I'm late,
why I drank again,
or anything like that.
Well, it's because we live together...
We're not living together.
I guess you're right.
Hey, Min Joon.
Do you really want to die?
You went out again.
Are you crazy? They're tailing me too.
I didn't step outside, not even for a second.
What's all that in the fridge then?
Ha Ri brought those yesterday.
Seriously, don't worry.
Until the work is done,
until I come to you,
I will never get killed.
Detective Jo's daughter...
went in for her surgery.
He'll call when it's over.
You were so concerned about Hwan Hee's surgery,
but you came home drunk and slept in.
What?
Gosh.
Is this his house?
Goodness.
(Operating room)
The surgery went well.
You don't need to worry.
Thank you.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- Honey. - It's over now.
Hwan Hee's surgery went well.
Thank you.
I resigned today.
Hi, Kang Woo.
Things will get crazy now.
- You... - My brother-in-law's...
cousin found a job for me...
in a security company in Busan.
So don't worry about me,
and do everything you want.
What about Hwan Hee?
She's my daughter.
I'll look after her. Don't worry.
And...
I'm sorry.
I know.
Take care.
Yes, Mr. Choi.
Let's start.
Noo Ri. Upload all the files we collected...
on the Financial Supervisory Service site.
Okay.
Please call Dr. Kim too.
Isn't he already on the line?
I couldn't get a hold of him.
What?
Kim Min Joon, you punk.
The phone is turned off.
Please leave a message after the beep.
Kim Min Joon, this crazy punk.
Ms. Cho Kyung Eun?
You have...
such a nice voice.
Thank you.
Ha Eun...
I mean, my sister...
liked people...
with nice voices.
Is there anyone...
who's related to a suicide benefit...
among those who called Mr. Kim?
There is. Her name is Cho Kyung Eun.
Cho Kyung Eun?
The one who liked his voice and called again?
What?
Nothing.
How is she related to...
a suicide benefit?
Cho Ha Eun.
She's Cho Kyung Eun's little sister.
She was 17 years old when she died in 2015.
She fell from a rooftop and died.
They found sleeping pills...
in her bag.
She didn't kill herself.
Taeyang claims...
that it's a suicide case because they found...
sleeping pills in her bag.
But there wasn't any composition...
of sleeping pills found in her body.
When exactly did Taeyang...
reject your claim?
It was November 20, 2015.
Did you confirm it yourself?
Yes.
November 20, 2015.
(Rejected)
Mr. Choi, it's November 20, 2015...
when Taeyang rejected to pay...
Ms. Cho the insurance money.
November 20, 2015.
That's the day when Taeyang paid...
Kim Bum Joon the suicide benefit.
The two claims got submitted on the same day,
but Taeyang paid for your brother...
and didn't pay Ms. Cho until now.
I should write the article about the issue, right?
Right.
You can interview me exclusively...
after you release the article.
You believe that your brother...
didn't crash the plane on purpose?
Is that important?
What?
I realized something in the past two years.
My opinion doesn't matter at all.
Then what does?
It matters how we should make people think,
suspect, and remember...
on their own.
I'll go to her house first then.
Hold on.
There's something written...
on the note in her claim.
Mad Dog,
keep an eye on Reporter Bang's blog.
I think this punk's scheming something big.
Then we should simply take this.
Noo Ri. Knock down every server of...
Taeyang Insurance,
Financial Supervisory Service,
and Life Insurance Association.
Okay.
Get me Reporter Bang's location.
Let's take down Mr. Kim first...
before they do.
Mr. Choi, you're being tailed.
I'll go...
Ha Ri, Lee Young Ho might chase him again.
I'll do it. I'll take care of it.
Sit down.
Search every acquaintance of Reporter Bang.
Send me all the related locations.
Yes, sir.
Aren't you drinking too often?
Stop.
Well, it's because we live together...
We're not living together.
What are you talking about?
The server is down?
It's because of the unpaid claims.
The beneficiaries are claiming for it suddenly.
(Taeyang Insurance)
(The website has exceeded its traffic capacity.)
Call the data processing team...
for the restore work.
What about the unpaid claims?
There are too many claims to examine.
How much is the total amount...
of the unpaid claims?
About 2.1 million dollars for just today.
2.1 million dollars?
The chairman wants to see you.
Okay.
Examine small cases first.
Pay the them...
if they don't seem too suspicious.
Yes, ma'am.
Is this how you handle your work?
Financial Supervisory Service has called us.
Their customer's service is going crazy...
because of the cases about our company.
It's not a big deal, sir.
I'll take care of the small cases first.
It's Kang Woo.
He must be behind this.
How did he...
Even so,
I can handle this.
By paying the insurance money?
How will you pay them...
when the money's already out of our hands?
We haven't paid the unpaid claims yet.
We gave Hyun Ki 10 million dollars...
with that insurance money.
(Pentium, Mad Dog, Ms. Jang, Cheetah)
Come to your senses, and come back to the office.
Where are you?
Kim Min Joon, you're dead meat.
Mr. Kim, how about we build...
a sense of teamwork from now on?
("The Benefit Inquiry Website Is Down")
Mr. Choi, good job.
(Vice President Joo)
Hello?
Where are you and what are you doing?
I'm having a meeting outside the company.
What meeting?
Is it about Taeyang?
It's in chaos due to its unpaid claims.
They're going crazy there.
("Demanding Their Insurance Money")
Mr. Lee Young Ho.
I have a question.
The 10 million dollars Chairman Cha gave to me.
By any chance, is that money...
other people's insurance benefits?
Then...
our company might get involved in this too.
Don't you think so?
I'll look into it, sir.
You're here at last.
What took you so long?
Mr. Kim.
We couldn't find any address of Reporter Bang.
His cousin runs a small studio...
in this neighborhood.
("The Benefit Inquiry Website Is Down")
Good job, Mr. Choi.
It's your turn to do a good job now.
Go for an interview with Reporter Bang.
Wait a second.
You won't stop me?
I might be in danger again...
if my picture is included in the interview.
Do get in danger a bit.
That way, they'll know we are the mad dogs.
Let's bark nice and loud.
Hyun Ki found out?
I'm sorry, sir.
Why would you be sorry?
Kang Woo is not the type to lay low.
It's my fault to listen to Hong Joo.
Yes, sir.
No,
we're paying the insurance money one by one.
Yes.
We'll take care of this as soon as possible.
The chief of Financial Supervisory Service?
Secretary Jang.
I told you not to let in just anyone.
It's not his fault.
I came in while he was away for a second...
because you didn't answer my calls.
As you can see,
I'm a bit busy here,
Vice President Joo.
Let's talk next time.
I'd love to,
but you and I...
need to go see your father now.
- What? - Right now,
the younger brother of Kim Bum Joon...
is doing an interview.
And it's live.
Mr. Jan Gebauer.
Do you think the cause...
of JH 801 crash wasn't a suicide?
No, that's not it.
Then what are you trying to say?
The day I received 3.4 million dollars is...
November 20, 2015.
It's even before they finished analyzing...
the black box of the aircraft.
Are you saying Taeyang Insurance...
paid the co-pilot, Kim Bum Joon's...
insurance money before they found...
hard evidence of his suicide flight?
Yes. Here's what I find very odd.
Taeyang Insurance hasn't paid...
the insurance money of Ms. Cho Ha Eun...
who passed away 2 years ago at the age of 17,
because they could not find...
hard evidence of her committing a suicide.
She was insured for 200,000 dollars.
But Kim Bum Joon was insured for...
a total of 3.4 million dollars.
Why would a company that refused to pay...
mere 200,000 dollars for 2 years...
pay 3.4 million dollars to me right away?
This is...
all I want to say.
Good job, Mr. Kim.
This is...
all I want to say.
(Bang Jin Seok's Voice of Truth)
Look at the views.
People are showing a lot of interest.
Don't you think the story is too small?
It feels like we need to give them...
some kind of a huge conspiracy, right?
But that only happens in movies.
What's really scary is...
a tiny little seed of doubt...
which gets spread all around the world...
that begins to grow in people's hearts.
But seeds will dry out if you don't water them.
Then we will.
We'll water them.
Let's go get Mr. Choi and Mr. Kim.
- Let's go. - Okay.
This is...
all I want to say.
(President of Financial Supervisory Service)
Pay the 200,000 dollars immediately.
Okay.
If you pay them 200,000 dollars,
take down that interview video,
tamper articles online and take them down,
do you think it'll quiet down?
Because of social media,
once something gets out, it just stays there.
Get rid of him.
Who are you to say that?
You made a mess out of the whole thing.
The extraordinary general meeting...
has been cancelled.
Chief On is...
planning on taking you in...
regarding this incident...
and the illegal management succession.
Goodness, because that video had to be...
released today,
everyone got curious about...
where I got the 10 million dollars.
Don't make a call. You don't have to.
I took care of this.
Take care of what?
Hong Joo.
I have eyes and ears too.
Do you know how good my eyesight is?
They're 20-20.
What on earth are you talking about?
I'm saying that I have eyes too.
Choi Kang Woo.
Will you be all right?
What about you?
Like you said, the worst thing...
that could happen is for me to die.
But still, let's live.
Both of us should live.
Yes, let's live.
Jan Gebauer.
Kim Min Joon.
Jang Ha Ri.
Mr. Choi.
Ms. Jang.
Were you worried about me?
I wasn't worried.
You were really worried.
When was I?
Your feelings can't be covered up.
Mr. Choi, great job.
Park Soon Jung.
Well, they aren't that important.
It's this guy.
Great job, Mr. Choi.
Mr. Kim. Will you stop causing trouble?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Then shall we go get some meat today?
Yes. Let's eat beef.
We aren't making any money. Let's get pork.
Let's go with beef.
It's on me.
Gosh, it's Mr. Landlord.
- Yes! - Let's go.
Let's go.
(Father)
This guy is a gem.
That must be why...
you never told me about him,
Chairman Cha.
Oh, no.
Hong Joo, you knew him too.
Since you two are...
family.
Pentium, come on. Let's go.
Give me a moment.
I have to take this.
- Take it. - Is he dating someone?
Come on.
He lured her with his innocent face.
He's all grown up now.
Hey, look at this.
Will you please stop?
- What about this? - It's not done yet.
Yes?
Father.
I told you to stay under the radar.
What have you been up to?
On Noo Ri.
The eldest son of Chief On Joo Sik.
Don't touch him.
- Why not? - You aren't...
supposed to harm family members.
Right, Hong Joo?
You aren't...
supposed to harm family members.
What now?
Should I take in these dogs for you?
On Noo Ri.
Stop what you're doing and leave them.
Father.
Leave now.